docs: updating tutorial for ismb (#469)
Reed-CompBio/spras: docs/tutorial/introduction.rst

 Prerequisites for this tutorial
*********************************

Required knowledge
==================

-  Ability to run command line operations and modify YAML files.
-  Basic biology concepts

Option 1: Running SPRAS in a GitHub Codespace
=============================================

> SPRAS also ships with a dev container, and the quickest way to use it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPRAS ships with a dev container, and the quickest way to use it is
```

#. In the repository field, search for and select
   ``Reed-CompBio/spras``.
#. Select **Create codespace**.

GitHub builds the container from the SPRAS ``.devcontainer``
configuration (the first build takes around 15 minutes) and opens a VS
Code environment in your browser with the SPRAS dependencies already
installed. Once the build finishes, you are ready to run SPRAS.

.. note::

   All GitHub personal accounts include a quota of free compute time and
   storage for GitHub Codespaces. Usage beyond the included amounts is
   billed to the personal account. See the `GitHub Codespaces billing
   documentation
   <https://docs.github.com/en/billing/concepts/product-billing/github-codespaces>`_
   for details.

   .. list-table::
      :header-rows: 1
      :widths: 40 30 30

      -  -  Account plan
         -  Storage per month
         -  Compute time per month

      -  -  GitHub Free for personal accounts
         -  15 GB-month
         -  120 hrs

      -  -  GitHub Pro
         -  20 GB-month
         -  180 hrs

   You will not be charged for codespace usage unless you exceed your
   quota. If you hit the limit, free options are to create a new GitHub

>    account or switch to the local SPRAS setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   quota. If you hit the limit, the free option is to switch to the local SPRAS setup.
```

The GitHub [terms](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-of-service) specify one free account per user, so I don't want to recommend violating that.
> Personal Accounts and Organizations have different administrative controls; a human must create your Account; you must be 13 or over; you must provide a valid email address; and you may not have more than one free Account.

.. code:: bash

   conda env create -f environment.yml
   conda init

Open a new terminal and then run:

.. code:: bash

   conda activate spras
   python -m pip install .

.. note::

   The first command performs a one-time installation of the SPRAS
   dependencies by creating a Conda environment (an isolated space that
   keeps all required packages and versions separate from your system).

   The second command activates the newly created environment so you can
   use these dependencies when running SPRAS; this step must be done
   each time you open a new terminal session.

   The last command is a one-time installation of the SPRAS package into
   the environment.

.. note::

   You may see the following error during installation:

   .. code:: text

      ERROR: pip's dependency resolver does not currently take into account all the packages that are installed. This behaviour is the source of the following dependency conflicts.
      dsub 0.4.13 requires tenacity<=8.2.3, but you have tenacity 9.1.4 which is incompatible.

   This is safe to ignore. We do not use dsub as a container option in
   this tutorial, and a fix is currently in progress. SPRAS and this

>    tutorial will run correctly without a working dsub installation.

Reviewer: Should we remove this now? If you check the GitHub Actions build in #485, we can approve and merge that fix.

   To remove unused Docker images: ``docker image prune``

> Opening SPRAS in a GitHub Codespace

Reviewer: Will this be our default option? If so, we can rearrange the order so this comes before the local setup. Then the local instructions could be rephrased to be something about alternative local setup instructions.

===================================

SPRAS also ships with a dev container, and the quickest way to use it is
through `GitHub Codespaces <https://github.com/features/codespaces>`_.

A Codespace builds the dev container on GitHub's infrastructure and
opens it in your browser, so you do not need to install Docker or set up
a local Python environment. The ``.devcontainer`` configuration in SPRAS
sets up the environment for you.

Prerequisites
-------------

A GitHub account. Sign up at `github.com <https://github.com>`_ if you
do not have one.

Create a Codespace
------------------

#. Go to `github.com/codespaces <https://github.com/codespaces>`_.
#. Select **New codespace**.

> #. In the repository field, search for and select

Reviewer: This step brings up a message "Codespace usage for this repository is paid for by agitter." Should we explain what that means? Users may think they are going to get charged for running this. Will we exceed the free quota storage limits if we pull all the Docker images? https://docs.github.com/en/billing/concepts/product-billing/github-codespaces#free-quota

Are any of the GitHub docs useful here: https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces? Maybe https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/about-codespaces/what-are-codespaces#using-codespaces-owned-by-your-personal-account? https://github.com/settings/billing to check remaining quota?

Do we keep the default 2 core machine or switch to the 4 core option?

Author: based on what I saw only, I think we are good to keep the 4 cores. and we will have 7gb of docker images max, so I think it will be okay.

   ``Reed-CompBio/spras``.
#. Select **Create codespace**.

GitHub builds the container from the SPRAS ``.devcontainer``

> configuration (the first build takes a few minutes) and opens a VS Code

Reviewer: How long is the first build supposed to take? Mine ran more slowly than I expected.

Author: Hopefully the 30 minutes prior will allow for people to build in time.

environment in your browser with the SPRAS dependencies already

> installed. Once the build finishes, you are ready to run SPRAS.

Reviewer: Is it necessary to create a new terminal in the codespace?

Author: I'm not sure what you mean?
